Loving can hurt.
Loving can hurt sometimes.
But it's the only thing that I know
when I kiss hard.
You know, it can get hard sometimes.
It is the only thing that makes us feel
alive.
We keep this loving photograph.
We made these memories for ourselves where
our eyes are never
closing. Hearts are never broken.
Time's forever frozen.
So you can.
Keep me.
Inside the pocket of your.
James. Hold me closer till our eyes, mate.
You won't ever be alone.
Wait for me to come home.
Loving can heal.
Your loving kin man just saw.
And it's the only.
Thing that I know.
No.
I swear it will get easier.
Remember that with every piece of the.
And then it's the only thing we.
Take with us when we die.
Mhm. We keep this love in this photograph.
We made these memories for ourselves where
our eyes were never caught.
The hearts will never be broken.
And time's forever frozen stare.
So you can keep.
Inside the pocket of your.
Gene holding me closer to.
I mean, they won't.
Ever be alone.
And if you hurt me, That's okay, baby.
On your words, bleep.
Inside these pages, you just.
To me and I don't.
Let you go.
Wait for me to come home.
Wait for me to come.
Me inside the.
Necklace you got.
When you were sick.
Be.
I will remember how you kissed.
Me under the lamppost back on Sixth Street
here.
And you whisper through.
Wait for me to come home.
The necklace.
You got.
When you were six.
Be.
Inside this.